IBX-11366: Checkbox configuration described (#3175)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/content_management/pages/page_block_attributes.md

|`embed`|Embedded content item|`udw_config_name`: name of the [Universal Discovery Widget's configuration](browser.md#add-new-configuration) |
|`embedvideo`|Embedded content item|`udw_config_name`: name of the [Universal Discovery Widget's configuration](browser.md#add-new-configuration) |
|`select`|Drop-down with options to select|<ul><li>`choices` lists the available options in `label: value` form</li><li>`multiple`, when set to true, allows selecting more than one option</li></ul>|

> |`checkbox`|Checkbox|Selects available option if `value: true`. Checkbox appearance [can be configured](#configure-checkbox-appearance) in block configuration forms|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`checkbox`|Checkbox|Selects available option if `value: true`. Checkbox appearance in block configuration forms [can be configured](#configure-checkbox-appearance) |
```
Currently it sound as if "block configuration forms" is where you configure, not what

```

![Help message](../img/page_block_help_message.png "Help message")

## Configure checkbox appearance

> For the blocks with the `checkbox` type, you can change the look of the checkbox in block configuration forms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For blocks with an attribute of `checkbox` type, you can change the appearance of the checkbox in block configuration forms.
```
"appearance" is preferential
